D:\HynusHynus_BackupManager\bin\Release\ControlzEx.xml
D:\HynusHynus_BackupManager\bin\Release\MahApps.Metro.xml
D:\HynusHynus_BackupManager\bin\Release\Microsoft.Xaml.Behaviors.xml
D:\HynusHynus_BackupManager\bin\Release\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\HynusHynus_BackupManager\bin\Release\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.xml
D:\HynusHynus_BackupManager\obj\Release\HynusWynus Backup Manager.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
D:\HynusHynus_BackupManager\obj\Release\HynusWynus Backup Manager.csproj.SuggestedBindingRedirects.cache
D:\HynusHynus_BackupManager\obj\Release\HynusWynus_BackupManager.MainWindow.resources
D:\HynusHynus_BackupManager\obj\Release\HynusWynus Backup Manager.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
D:\HynusHynus_BackupManager\obj\Release\HynusWynus Backup Manager.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
D:\HynusHynus_BackupManager\obj\Release\HynusWynus Backup Manager.csproj.Fody.CopyLocal.cache
D:\HynusHynus_BackupManager\obj\Release\HynusWynus Backup Manager.csproj.Fody.RuntimeCopyLocal.cache
D:\HynusHynus_BackupManager\obj\Release\HynusWynus Backup Manager.csproj.CopyComplete
D:\HynusHynus_BackupManager\bin\Release\HynusWynus_BackupManager.exe.config
D:\HynusHynus_BackupManager\bin\Release\HynusWynus_BackupManager.exe
D:\HynusHynus_BackupManager\bin\Release\HynusWynus_BackupManager.pdb
D:\HynusHynus_BackupManager\bin\Release\Spectre.Console.xml
D:\HynusHynus_BackupManager\bin\Release\System.Buffers.xml
D:\HynusHynus_BackupManager\bin\Release\System.Memory.xml
D:\HynusHynus_BackupManager\bin\Release\System.Numerics.Vectors.xml
D:\HynusHynus_BackupManager\bin\Release\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.xml
D:\HynusHynus_BackupManager\obj\Release\HynusWynus_BackupManager.DebugForm.resources
D:\HynusHynus_BackupManager\obj\Release\HynusWynus_BackupManager.Properties.Resources.resources
D:\HynusHynus_BackupManager\obj\Release\HynusWynus_BackupManager.Resources.resources
D:\HynusHynus_BackupManager\obj\Release\HynusWynus_BackupManager.exe
D:\HynusHynus_BackupManager\obj\Release\HynusWynus_BackupManager.pdb
d:\HynusWynus_BackupManager\bin\Release\HynusWynus BackupManager.exe.config
d:\HynusWynus_BackupManager\bin\Release\HynusWynus BackupManager.exe
d:\HynusWynus_BackupManager\bin\Release\HynusWynus BackupManager.pdb
d:\HynusWynus_BackupManager\bin\Release\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
d:\HynusWynus_BackupManager\bin\Release\Spectre.Console.xml
d:\HynusWynus_BackupManager\bin\Release\System.Buffers.xml
d:\HynusWynus_BackupManager\bin\Release\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.xml
d:\HynusWynus_BackupManager\bin\Release\System.Memory.xml
d:\HynusWynus_BackupManager\bin\Release\System.Numerics.Vectors.xml
d:\HynusWynus_BackupManager\bin\Release\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.xml
d:\HynusWynus_BackupManager\obj\Release\HynusWynus Backup Manager.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
d:\HynusWynus_BackupManager\obj\Release\HynusWynus Backup Manager.csproj.SuggestedBindingRedirects.cache
d:\HynusWynus_BackupManager\obj\Release\HynusWynus_BackupManager.Forms.DebugForm.resources
d:\HynusWynus_BackupManager\obj\Release\HynusWynus_BackupManager.MainWindow.resources
d:\HynusWynus_BackupManager\obj\Release\HynusWynus_BackupManager.Forms.NewBackupForm.resources
d:\HynusWynus_BackupManager\obj\Release\HynusWynus_BackupManager.Forms.SettingsForm.resources
d:\HynusWynus_BackupManager\obj\Release\HynusWynus_BackupManager.Properties.Resources.resources
d:\HynusWynus_BackupManager\obj\Release\HynusWynus_BackupManager.Resources.resources
d:\HynusWynus_BackupManager\obj\Release\HynusWynus Backup Manager.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
d:\HynusWynus_BackupManager\obj\Release\HynusWynus Backup Manager.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
d:\HynusWynus_BackupManager\obj\Release\HynusWynus Backup Manager.csproj.Fody.CopyLocal.cache
d:\HynusWynus_BackupManager\obj\Release\HynusWynus Backup Manager.csproj.CopyComplete
d:\HynusWynus_BackupManager\obj\Release\HynusWynus BackupManager.exe
d:\HynusWynus_BackupManager\obj\Release\HynusWynus BackupManager.pdb
d:\HynusWynus_BackupManager\bin\Release\HynusWynus BackupManager.exe.manifest
d:\HynusWynus_BackupManager\bin\Release\HynusWynus BackupManager.application
d:\HynusWynus_BackupManager\obj\Release\HynusWynus BackupManager.exe.manifest
d:\HynusWynus_BackupManager\obj\Release\HynusWynus BackupManager.application
